This package provides individual based simulations in order to simulate the accumulation of junctions over time, both for chromosomes with a finite and an infinite number of recombination sites. Furthermore, the package provides mathematical tools to verify the outcomes of the individual based simulations.
  Update version 2.1.0 : updated tbb::task_scheduler_init to tbb::global_control  
  Update version 2.0.2 : simplified some tests  
  Update version 2.0 : merged many functions with similar functionality, added vignette that provides overview of all functionality.  

  Update version 1.9 : added c++ versions of the unphased and phased likelihoods.  

  Update version 1.8 : added multithreading using the TBB library.  

  Update version 1.7 : further improved the recombination function following Hanno Hildenbrandt's suggestions  

  Update version 1.6  : improved the recombination function to run twice as fast  

  Update version 1.5.1: added option to track the true number of junctions  

  Update version 1.5: added support for inferring the time since admixture based on phased and unphased data. Also included are simulation functions to simulate appropriate data (e.g. phased and unphased).  

  Update version 1.4: added support for estimating the number of junctions, and simulating the number of junctions, under a backcrossing scheme, using the code supplied in Lavretsky et al. 2019.  

  Update version 1.3: added support for estimating the time since admixture using unphased data.  
  Update version 1.3: added individual based simulations returning phased and unphased data.  
  Update version 1.3: Updated entire package to Roxygen.  

  Update version 1.2: added support for estimating the expected number of junctions for arbitrarily distributed markers.  

  Update version 1.1: updated underlying random number generator for picking recombination sites. The previous generator had limited precision, which could generate duplicate recombination sites. This update fixes that  